---
layout: post
title:  "Antioch 1: \"Follow me\" "
date:   2024-02-01 16:40:14 +0800
categories: jekyll update
---

### **What does it mean to follow Christ?**
1. It means that we **imitate Christ** in our speech, actions and thoughts   

    The process of following Christ: choosing to following Him -> inward change in us -> change that is outwardly shown to the world!


2. Following Christ also means that like the disciples in Matthew 4:22, we too **leave our nets behind** 

    Q: *What are some of the nets that we do not want to leave behind?*


3. It means coming to know Christ more each day

    Q: *What does growing closer to Christ look like in our lives? It could be in the form of being with community, reading scripture or spiritual books etc.*


4. Take **small steps** to grow in faith! 

    > ‘Faith is rarely a leap; faith is almost always simply a step’ - Fr Mike Schmitz

<br>

#### Courage
*'immediately they left their nets'*

- Courage is needed to make the decision to follow Christ
- **Knowing that God is truly God** gives us the courage to follow him

<br>

#### Obedience
*'and followed him'*

- Obedience means **saying yes to God and actually doing it faithfully** even if we do not know why or do not know the outcome
- Remember that the **call to follow Jesus SHOULD disturb your heart** since it calls you out of comfort to something greater!

> ‘The world offers you comfort, but you were not made for comfort. You were made for greatness’ -Pope Benedict XVI

<br>

### **Practical steps to following Christ** 

#### 1. Read
**Sources** 
- Daily mass readings 
- Universalis.com
- Ascension podcasts
- The Holy See 

*Remember that reading knowledge must always undergo a translation into our hearts and affect our life*

<br>

#### 2. Receive the Sacraments
**Reconciliation**
- When we fail to follow Christ, the call is not to run away, but to believe in God’s mercy. Reconcile with Him in confession and begin again! 
> ‘If you fall, fall into the confessional’- Fr Mike Schmitz

**Mass**
- The Eucharist is where Jesus really is - He is who we consume and are consumed by!

<br>

### **Walking with other disciples** 
